one thing I bet you didn't know
is that every time you wash your
fleece jacket 2,000 pieces of
plastic it shed right into the
waterway the plastics are so
small you can't see with your
naked eye they're called micro
plastics these tiny little
plastics as they float their way
down the rivers and into our
oceans
they're picking up different
chemicals they act like little
sponges picking up DDT and BPA
and pseudo estrogens that
matters because the fish and
other marine life that think
that it's plankton wind up
eating those plastics bigger
fish eat those fish and
eventually the fish make their
way on our dinner tables and
into our beer we've had plastic
show up in german beer this year
it's showing up in honey it's
showing up in different food
products that should not be
contaminated with plastics
what we've learned over the last
few years what the science
community has learned over the
last few years is that this is
getting into the water from
washing your fleece jackets it's
washing your synthetic clothings
in general it's coming from the
micro beads that are in your
face washes the little blue
things that show up in your
toothpaste that we think of as
these miracle scrubbers and hold
their plastics and you're
putting plastics into your mouth
into your bloodstream and then
they make their way into our
oceans and into the bloodstream
of the planet